# OrganizationalThermometer

This project includes the following files:
1. 'main.py'
2. 'feedback_product_development.xlsx'
3. 'output_tool.xlsx'
4. 'Results_CorpX.xlsx'

# 'main.py'
The main.py includes the code that was developed for this project.
**To run it, please insert your own API key from OpenAI.**

It will produce a dataset consisting of:
- the corresponding department (R&D or Quality);
- the corresponding sentiment (positive or negative);
- the prompt generated by the program;
- the predicted BPMN activity;
- the correct BPMN activity.

Additionally, the program will produce a ConfusionMatrix, illustrating the correct and incorrect predictions.

# 'feedback_product_development.xlsx'
This file contains the input for main.py
Please include this file in the same folder when running main.py
It contains an Excel sheet, including the following columns:
- department (R&D or Quality);
- sentiment (positive or negative);
- feedback message.

# 'output_tool.xlsx'
This file contains the output of the tool (main.py)
It presents an Excel sheet, including the following columns:
- department (R&D or Quality);
- sentiment (positive or negative);
- feedback message;
- the predicted BPMN activity;
- the correct BPMN activity.

# 'Results_CorpX.xlsx'
This file presents the output of the research project.
It includes two Excel sheets, containing:
- a sheet that presents the organizational thermometer that represents the sentiment of process participants towards their daily executed BPMN activities, visualized using a heat map overlay;
- a sheet that presents the drill-down function, a table presenting all the feedback received from the process participants in addition to a slicer to filter the feedback. This can be used to further analyze the organizational thermometer.
